- [Instructor] So now we're going to go about and set up
our first microservice.
Open up your IDE and either create an empty project
to start with or use the blank project
that I have in the exercise files.
Now I say blank but there actually are a few
folders in there for some data that we are going to
use later on on in the course.
But for now, go either way.
From within there, we're going to create a new module.
Now, each IDE is a little bit different about how to do
a new module, and if you don't want to do it
through the module mechanism,
you can always go to
start.spring.io to create your project.
But in this case, I'm going to create a new module,
and I'm going to go ahead and use the spring initializer.
now I'm running this on Java 11.
So go ahead and load this up,
I'm going to it in a group name of
com.frankmoley.ll
and this artifact we are going to call guest-services.
Again I'll select java 11.
and we'll leave everything else the way it is.
Now we need to pick a few dependencies,
so we're going to choose spring web
and from the sequel area,
we're going to choose Spring Data JPA and the H2 Database.
Go ahead and select next.
Make sure that everything looks the way we want it to,
and we'll go ahead and finish,
and allow that application to be created.
So now let's go ahead and open up our
guest-services application.
Now, right now Mavin is downloading all the dependencies,
and that's fine.
We're going to go to source main resources,
and I'll put up our application of properties file,
and we're going to add a property
that we are going to need later on.
So we'll just going ahead and add it now.
So spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto
and we're are going to set that equal to none.
Now, right now it's not resolving because Mavin's
downloading in my IDE,
once Mavin has downloaded that property will resolve.
Now as that going on,
I want you to open up the DBdata folder that came
with the exercise files, and you'll see
that we have a guest-services folder in there
and there's two files
a data.sql and a schemea.sql.
I want you to copy those files,
and drop them into the resources location.
And you'll see that we've a whole bunch
of data up and running.
That's all that we need to do get started
and in the next videos we'll actually
develop out this microservice.